00:00:00,766 --> 00:00:03,699
(lively music)
Welcome to the Complete Python Course,
where you'll learn how to code
and use Python like a
professional software developer.
My name is Jose Salvatierra,
and I'm a software engineer
who has worked at one
of Scotland's leading tech startups.
I started teaching on Udemy back in 2013,
and since then I've made helping
students my full-time job.
So why learn Python at all?
00:00:25,566 --> 00:00:28,099
Over the last few years,
Python has become more
and more popular, booming
in the job market.
It's also super versatile,
you can use it for anything,
like machine learning, web development,
desktop app development,
automation, and so much more.
00:00:40,300 --> 00:00:42,966
Python is one of the most
loved programming languages,
and also the most wanted language,
according to recent industry surveys.
If people aren't using Python already,
they want to start using Python.
00:00:52,533 --> 00:00:54,866
With this course you'll
learn modern Python,
and get ahead of the masses.
And by the end, you will be a
confident software developer
who can tackle any Python
topic and industry.
Python is a great first language
because it is simple and that means
you can focus on real-world projects
and applying your skills.
Many courses cover just the basics,
and when you're done with them
you can't really make anything.
In this course, we'll not
only cover the fundamentals,
but then we'll guide you
through building multiple real projects
to give you all the tools you need,
and code like a professional.
That, is the focus of this course.
We'll use Python to work with files,
emails, databases, web apps, desktop apps,
automation projects, web scrapers,
unit testing, build our
own data structures.
And we'll even learn
about asynchronous
development with Python.
00:01:42,566 --> 00:01:43,966
Throughout the course we have dozens
of coding exercises that will let you type
your code directly in the Udemy platform,
and correct it instantly.
And for any student who wants it,
We also conduct code reviews
that's professional software developers doing that
and give you personalized feedback.
In this course, you'll not
only learn all of the knowledge
you expect from a course of this calibre.
You'll finish the course with
a strong sense for clean,
efficient, and effective Python code.
Join the course and start
coding in Python today.
Check out the next video for an overview
of what you'll learn.